# Q3 2024
## 📊 Quarterly Statistics

* **Total Contributions:** 40
* **Total Repositories:** 9

### Contribution Breakdown

| Type | Count |
| :--- | :--- |
| Merged PRs | 14 |
| Issues | 12 |
| Reviewed PRs | 0 |
| Collaborations | 14 |

### Top 3 Repositories

1. `Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io` (13 contributions)
2. `OpenSource-Communities/guestbook` (12 contributions)
3. `open-sauced/docs` (5 contributions)

---

<details>
  <summary><h2>Merged PRs</h2></summary>
<table style='width:100%; table-layout:fixed;'>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style='width:5%;'>No.</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Project Name</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Title</th>
      <th style='width:35%;'>Description</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/pull/1230'>feat: Add October 2024 Challenge to the Website</a></td>
      <td>## Linked Issue<br><br>Closes #1228 <br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>If you have a pull request related to a current issue please link to that issue number.<br><br>That issue can be linked to the pull request by using the side panel in the Github UI or using the `#` symbol followed by the number of the associated issue.<br><br>To link a pull request to an issue to show that a fix is in progress and to automatically close the issue when someone merges the pull request, type the keyword &quot;Closes&quot; followed by a reference to the issue. For example, Closes #404 or Closes Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/404.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Description<br><br>This PR adds September 2024 challenge (Hacktoberfest) to the website.<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>A pull request description describes what constitutes the Pull Request and what changes you have made to the code.<br><br>It explains what you&#39;ve done, including any code changes, configuration changes, migrations included, new APIs introduced, changes made to old APIs, any new workers/crons introduced in the system, copy changes, and so on. You get the gist.<br><br>A good description informs everyone that is reaading it of the purpose of the pull request. This helps not just the current maintainers but anyone reading it now or in the future to understand your intent.<br><br>If the request is not complete but you want feedback use  Draft Pull Request option of the Pull request dropdown menu.<br><br>@mention individuals that you want to review the PR, and mention why. (“ @username I want to know what you think of this code.”)<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Methodology<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>This section explains why the above changes explained were done.<br><br>Sometimes a developer feels that it&#39;s okay to write &quot;Business/Product requirement&quot; in the description. That&#39;s fine, but doing so defeats the purpose of this section.<br><br>If there is a better explanation as to why the changes were suggested, it&#39;s always good to attach a document reference link for that information.<br><br>A good &quot;Why&quot; section should explain the reasoning behind any changes.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Code of Conduct<br><br>&gt; By submitting this pull request, you agree to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://virtualcoffee.io/code-of-conduct/)<br></td>
      <td>2024-09-30</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/pull/483'>docs: Update guidelines</a></td>
      <td>&lt;!-- Please fill in all areas in this PR form. Incomplete PRs will be marked invalid and may be closed. --&gt;<br><br>## Description<br><br>This PR updates the Contributing Guidelines and removes the Translations Guidelines.<br><br>&lt;!--<br>Please do not leave this blank<br>This PR adds &lt;github-username&gt; as a contributor.<br>--&gt;<br><br>## What type of PR is this? (check all applicable)<br><br>- [ ] 🤝 Add a contributor<br>- [x] 📝 Documentation Update<br><br>## Related Issues<br><br>Closes #362 <br>Closes #363 <br><br>&lt;!-- <br>Please use this format link issue numbers: Closes #123<br>More information: https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword <br>--&gt;<br><br>## Contributors Checklist<br><br>### I&#39;ve read through the [Getting Started](https://intro.opensauced.pizza/#/intro-to-oss/how-to-contribute-to-open-source?id=getting-started) section.<br><br>- [ ] ✅ Yes<br>- [ ] ❌ Not yet<br><br>### Have you run `npm run contributors:generate` to generate your profile and the badge on the README?<br><br>- [ ] ✅ Yes<br>- [ ] ❌ No<br><br>## Added to documentation?<br><br>- [x] 📜 README.md<br>- [ ] 🙅 no documentation needed<br><br>## Screenshot (Required for PR Review)<br><br>&lt;!-- Please provide a screenshot of your profile being generated on the README. This ensures that you ran the `npm run contributors:generate` command, as mentioned in the previous question, which makes it easier for the maintainers to review PRs. All PRs without screenshots will be automatically rejected--&gt;<br><br>## [optional] What GIF best describes this PR or how it makes you feel?<br><br>&lt;!-- note: PRs with deleted sections will be marked invalid --&gt;<br><br>&lt;!--<br>  For Work In Progress Pull Requests, please use the Draft PR feature,<br>  see https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/ for further details.<br><br>  For a timely review/response, please avoid force-pushing additional<br>  commits if your PR already received reviews or comments.<br><br>  Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure you&#39;ve done the following:<br>  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Contributing Guide: https://github.com/open-sauced/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md.<br>  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Code of Conduct: https://github.com/open-sauced/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md.<br>  - 👷‍♀️ Create small PRs. In most cases, this will be possible.<br>  - 📝 Use descriptive commit messages.<br>  - 📗 Update any related documentation and include any relevant screenshots.<br>--&gt;<br></td>
      <td>2024-09-25</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3.</td>
      <td>WriteTech-Hub/writetech-doc-review</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/WriteTech-Hub/writetech-doc-review/pull/8'>feat: add docs review for Crawlee</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>This PR adds Crawlee&#39;s documentation review by Ayu Adiati.</td>
      <td>2024-09-25</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>4.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/hacktoberfest</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/hacktoberfest/pull/29'>Chore: Update website for VCHI 2024</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>This PR updates the website to be ready for VCHI 2024 submission with following changes:<br><br>- Update the year to 2024<br>- Remove sponsor<br>- Minor styling adjustment after the sponsor removal<br>- Fix typo<br><br>## Linked Issue<br><br>Closes #28 </td>
      <td>2024-09-14</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>5.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/pull/1222'>Add September 2024 newsletter to the website</a></td>
      <td>## Linked Issue<br><br>Closes #1221 <br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>If you have a pull request related to a current issue please link to that issue number.<br><br>That issue can be linked to the pull request by using the side panel in the Github UI or using the `#` symbol followed by the number of the associated issue.<br><br>To link a pull request to an issue to show that a fix is in progress and to automatically close the issue when someone merges the pull request, type the keyword &quot;Closes&quot; followed by a reference to the issue. For example, Closes #404 or Closes Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/404.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Description<br><br>This PR adds September 2024 newsletter to the website and updates the data in the `newsletters.ts` file.<br><br>### Live Preview<br><br>https://deploy-preview-1222--virtual-coffee-io.netlify.app/<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>A pull request description describes what constitutes the Pull Request and what changes you have made to the code.<br><br>It explains what you&#39;ve done, including any code changes, configuration changes, migrations included, new APIs introduced, changes made to old APIs, any new workers/crons introduced in the system, copy changes, and so on. You get the gist.<br><br>A good description informs everyone that is reaading it of the purpose of the pull request. This helps not just the current maintainers but anyone reading it now or in the future to understand your intent.<br><br>If the request is not complete but you want feedback use  Draft Pull Request option of the Pull request dropdown menu.<br><br>@mention individuals that you want to review the PR, and mention why. (“ @username I want to know what you think of this code.”)<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Methodology<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>This section explains why the above changes explained were done.<br><br>Sometimes a developer feels that it&#39;s okay to write &quot;Business/Product requirement&quot; in the description. That&#39;s fine, but doing so defeats the purpose of this section.<br><br>If there is a better explanation as to why the changes were suggested, it&#39;s always good to attach a document reference link for that information.<br><br>A good &quot;Why&quot; section should explain the reasoning behind any changes.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Code of Conduct<br><br>&gt; By submitting this pull request, you agree to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://virtualcoffee.io/code-of-conduct/)<br></td>
      <td>2024-09-04</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>6.</td>
      <td>open-sauced/docs</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/385'>feat: import blog posts by AdiatiAyu</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>This PR imports the blog posts written by AdiatiAyu from DEV to OpenSauced.<br><br>&lt;!-- <br>Please do not leave this blank <br>This PR [adds/removes/fixes/replaces] the [feature/bug/etc]. <br>--&gt;<br><br>## Related Tickets & Documents<br><br>Closes #378 <br><br>&lt;!-- <br>Please use this format link issue numbers: Fixes #123<br>https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword <br>--&gt;<br><br>## Mobile & Desktop Screenshots/Recordings<br><br>&lt;!-- Visual changes require screenshots --&gt;<br><br><br>## Steps to QA<br>&lt;!-- <br>Please provide some steps for the reviewer to test your change. If you have wrote tests, you can mention that here instead.<br><br>1. Click a link<br>2. Do this thing<br>3. Validate you see the thing working<br>--&gt;<br><br><br>## Tier (staff will fill in)<br><br>- [ ] Tier 1<br>- [ ] Tier 2<br>- [ ] Tier 3<br>- [ ] Tier 4<br><br>## [optional] What gif best describes this PR or how it makes you feel?<br><br><br><br>&lt;!-- note: PRs with deleted sections will be marked invalid --&gt;<br><br>&lt;!--<br>  For Work In Progress Pull Requests, please use the Draft PR feature,<br>  see https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/ for further details.<br>  <br>  For a timely review/response, please avoid force-pushing additional<br>  commits if your PR already received reviews or comments.<br>  <br>  Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure you&#39;ve done the following:<br>  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Contributing Guide: https://github.com/open-sauced/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md.<br>  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Code of Conduct: https://github.com/open-sauced/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md.<br>  - 👷‍♀️ Create small PRs. In most cases, this will be possible.<br>  - ✅ Provide tests for your changes.<br>  - 📝 Use descriptive commit messages.<br>  - 📗 Update any related documentation and include any relevant screenshots.<br>--&gt;<br></td>
      <td>2024-09-03</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>7.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/pull/1218'>Add August 2024 newsletter to the website</a></td>
      <td>## Linked Issue<br><br>Closes #1217 <br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>If you have a pull request related to a current issue please link to that issue number.<br><br>That issue can be linked to the pull request by using the side panel in the Github UI or using the `#` symbol followed by the number of the associated issue.<br><br>To link a pull request to an issue to show that a fix is in progress and to automatically close the issue when someone merges the pull request, type the keyword &quot;Closes&quot; followed by a reference to the issue. For example, Closes #404 or Closes Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/404.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Description<br><br>This PR adds August 2024 newsletter to the website and updates the data in the `newsletters.ts` file.<br><br>### Live Preview<br><br>https://deploy-preview-1218--virtual-coffee-io.netlify.app/newsletter/issues/2024-08<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>A pull request description describes what constitutes the Pull Request and what changes you have made to the code.<br><br>It explains what you&#39;ve done, including any code changes, configuration changes, migrations included, new APIs introduced, changes made to old APIs, any new workers/crons introduced in the system, copy changes, and so on. You get the gist.<br><br>A good description informs everyone that is reaading it of the purpose of the pull request. This helps not just the current maintainers but anyone reading it now or in the future to understand your intent.<br><br>If the request is not complete but you want feedback use  Draft Pull Request option of the Pull request dropdown menu.<br><br>@mention individuals that you want to review the PR, and mention why. (“ @username I want to know what you think of this code.”)<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Methodology<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>This section explains why the above changes explained were done.<br><br>Sometimes a developer feels that it&#39;s okay to write &quot;Business/Product requirement&quot; in the description. That&#39;s fine, but doing so defeats the purpose of this section.<br><br>If there is a better explanation as to why the changes were suggested, it&#39;s always good to attach a document reference link for that information.<br><br>A good &quot;Why&quot; section should explain the reasoning behind any changes.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Code of Conduct<br><br>&gt; By submitting this pull request, you agree to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://virtualcoffee.io/code-of-conduct/)<br></td>
      <td>2024-08-30</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>8.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/pull/1216'>Add Sept 2024 Monthly Challenge</a></td>
      <td>## Linked Issue<br><br>Closes #1215 <br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>If you have a pull request related to a current issue please link to that issue number.<br><br>That issue can be linked to the pull request by using the side panel in the Github UI or using the `#` symbol followed by the number of the associated issue.<br><br>To link a pull request to an issue to show that a fix is in progress and to automatically close the issue when someone merges the pull request, type the keyword &quot;Closes&quot; followed by a reference to the issue. For example, Closes #404 or Closes Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/404.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Description<br><br>This PR adds September 2024 challenge (Preptember) to the website.<br><br>### Monthly Challenges Page Live Preview<br><br>https://deploy-preview-1216--virtual-coffee-io.netlify.app/monthlychallenges<br><br>### Challenge Page Live Preview<br><br>https://deploy-preview-1216--virtual-coffee-io.netlify.app/monthlychallenges/sept-2024<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>A pull request description describes what constitutes the Pull Request and what changes you have made to the code.<br><br>It explains what you&#39;ve done, including any code changes, configuration changes, migrations included, new APIs introduced, changes made to old APIs, any new workers/crons introduced in the system, copy changes, and so on. You get the gist.<br><br>A good description informs everyone that is reaading it of the purpose of the pull request. This helps not just the current maintainers but anyone reading it now or in the future to understand your intent.<br><br>If the request is not complete but you want feedback use  Draft Pull Request option of the Pull request dropdown menu.<br><br>@mention individuals that you want to review the PR, and mention why. (“ @username I want to know what you think of this code.”)<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Methodology<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>This section explains why the above changes explained were done.<br><br>Sometimes a developer feels that it&#39;s okay to write &quot;Business/Product requirement&quot; in the description. That&#39;s fine, but doing so defeats the purpose of this section.<br><br>If there is a better explanation as to why the changes were suggested, it&#39;s always good to attach a document reference link for that information.<br><br>A good &quot;Why&quot; section should explain the reasoning behind any changes.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Code of Conduct<br><br>&gt; By submitting this pull request, you agree to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://virtualcoffee.io/code-of-conduct/)<br></td>
      <td>2024-08-30</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>9.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/VC-Community-Docs</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/VC-Community-Docs/pull/432'>docs: Add "Welcoming Community" challenge</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>This PR adds the documentation for the &quot;Welcoming Community&quot; challenge.<br><br>## Link Issue<br><br>Refers to #324 </td>
      <td>2024-08-30</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>10.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/vc-preptember</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/vc-preptember/pull/38'>Chore: Prepare the Preptember 2024</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>This PR updates the repository to be ready for the Preptember 2024 with the following changes:<br><br>- Adds new issue templates<br>- Updates the Contributing file<br>- Updates the PR template<br>- Archives previous Preptember files</td>
      <td>2024-08-30</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>11.</td>
      <td>open-sauced/docs</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/382'>feat: Add Ayu as an author</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>This PR adds AdiatiAyu&#39;s details to the `authors.yml` file.<br><br>&lt;!-- <br>Please do not leave this blank <br>This PR [adds/removes/fixes/replaces] the [feature/bug/etc]. <br>--&gt;<br><br>## Related Tickets & Documents<br><br>Closes #377 <br>&lt;!-- <br>Please use this format link issue numbers: Fixes #123<br>https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword <br>--&gt;<br><br>## Mobile & Desktop Screenshots/Recordings<br><br>&lt;!-- Visual changes require screenshots --&gt;<br><br><br>## Steps to QA<br>&lt;!-- <br>Please provide some steps for the reviewer to test your change. If you have wrote tests, you can mention that here instead.<br><br>1. Click a link<br>2. Do this thing<br>3. Validate you see the thing working<br>--&gt;<br><br><br>## Tier (staff will fill in)<br><br>- [ ] Tier 1<br>- [ ] Tier 2<br>- [ ] Tier 3<br>- [ ] Tier 4<br><br>## [optional] What gif best describes this PR or how it makes you feel?<br><br><br><br>&lt;!-- note: PRs with deleted sections will be marked invalid --&gt;<br><br>&lt;!--<br>  For Work In Progress Pull Requests, please use the Draft PR feature,<br>  see https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/ for further details.<br>  <br>  For a timely review/response, please avoid force-pushing additional<br>  commits if your PR already received reviews or comments.<br>  <br>  Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure you&#39;ve done the following:<br>  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Contributing Guide: https://github.com/open-sauced/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md.<br>  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Code of Conduct: https://github.com/open-sauced/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md.<br>  - 👷‍♀️ Create small PRs. In most cases, this will be possible.<br>  - ✅ Provide tests for your changes.<br>  - 📝 Use descriptive commit messages.<br>  - 📗 Update any related documentation and include any relevant screenshots.<br>--&gt;<br></td>
      <td>2024-08-29</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>12.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/pull/1203'>Add July 2024 newsletter to the website</a></td>
      <td>## Linked Issue<br><br>Closes #1202 <br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>If you have a pull request related to a current issue please link to that issue number.<br><br>That issue can be linked to the pull request by using the side panel in the Github UI or using the `#` symbol followed by the number of the associated issue.<br><br>To link a pull request to an issue to show that a fix is in progress and to automatically close the issue when someone merges the pull request, type the keyword &quot;Closes&quot; followed by a reference to the issue. For example, Closes #404 or Closes Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/404.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Description<br><br>This PR adds July 2024 newsletter to the website and updates the data in the `newsletters.ts` file.<br><br>### Live Preview<br><br>https://deploy-preview-1203--virtual-coffee-io.netlify.app/newsletter/issues/2024-07<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>A pull request description describes what constitutes the Pull Request and what changes you have made to the code.<br><br>It explains what you&#39;ve done, including any code changes, configuration changes, migrations included, new APIs introduced, changes made to old APIs, any new workers/crons introduced in the system, copy changes, and so on. You get the gist.<br><br>A good description informs everyone that is reaading it of the purpose of the pull request. This helps not just the current maintainers but anyone reading it now or in the future to understand your intent.<br><br>If the request is not complete but you want feedback use  Draft Pull Request option of the Pull request dropdown menu.<br><br>@mention individuals that you want to review the PR, and mention why. (“ @username I want to know what you think of this code.”)<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Methodology<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>This section explains why the above changes explained were done.<br><br>Sometimes a developer feels that it&#39;s okay to write &quot;Business/Product requirement&quot; in the description. That&#39;s fine, but doing so defeats the purpose of this section.<br><br>If there is a better explanation as to why the changes were suggested, it&#39;s always good to attach a document reference link for that information.<br><br>A good &quot;Why&quot; section should explain the reasoning behind any changes.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Code of Conduct<br><br>&gt; By submitting this pull request, you agree to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://virtualcoffee.io/code-of-conduct/)<br></td>
      <td>2024-07-09</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>13.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/intro</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/intro/pull/234'>feat: Update i18n guidelines</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>We are sunsetting our official translations and make all translations as community translations.<br><br>This PR updates all files that are related to i18n guidelines to inform contributors about working with translations. It also adds a `community-translations.md` file to list the translations forked repos.<br><br>&lt;!-- <br>Please do not leave this blank <br>This PR [adds/removes/fixes/replaces] the [feature/bug/etc]. <br>--&gt;<br><br>## Related Tickets & Documents<br><br>Closes #212 <br><br>&lt;!-- <br>Please use this format link issue numbers: Fixes #123<br>https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword <br>--&gt;<br><br>## Mobile & Desktop Screenshots/Recordings<br><br>&lt;!-- Visual changes require screenshots --&gt;<br><br><br>## Steps to QA<br>&lt;!-- <br>Please provide some steps for the reviewer to test your change. If you have wrote tests, you can mention that here instead.<br><br>1. Click a link<br>2. Do this thing<br>3. Validate you see the thing working<br>--&gt;<br><br><br>## Tier (staff will fill in)<br><br>- [ ] Tier 1<br>- [ ] Tier 2<br>- [ ] Tier 3<br>- [ ] Tier 4<br><br>## [optional] What gif best describes this PR or how it makes you feel?<br><br><br><br>&lt;!-- note: PRs with deleted sections will be marked invalid --&gt;<br><br>&lt;!--<br>  For Work In Progress Pull Requests, please use the Draft PR feature,<br>  see https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/ for further details.<br>  <br>  For a timely review/response, please avoid force-pushing additional<br>  commits if your PR already received reviews or comments.<br>  <br>  Before submitting a Pull Request, please ensure you&#39;ve done the following:<br>  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Contributing Guide: https://github.com/open-sauced/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md.<br>  - 📖 Read the Open Sauced Code of Conduct: https://github.com/open-sauced/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md.<br>  - 👷‍♀️ Create small PRs. In most cases, this will be possible.<br>  - ✅ Provide tests for your changes.<br>  - 📝 Use descriptive commit messages.<br>  - 📗 Update any related documentation and include any relevant screenshots.<br>--&gt;<br></td>
      <td>2024-07-06</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>14.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/pull/1199'>Add a blog post to July 2024 challenge</a></td>
      <td>## Linked Issue<br><br>Relates to #1196 <br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>If you have a pull request related to a current issue please link to that issue number.<br><br>That issue can be linked to the pull request by using the side panel in the Github UI or using the `#` symbol followed by the number of the associated issue.<br><br>To link a pull request to an issue to show that a fix is in progress and to automatically close the issue when someone merges the pull request, type the keyword &quot;Closes&quot; followed by a reference to the issue. For example, Closes #404 or Closes Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/404.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Description<br><br>This PR adds a blog post for July 2024 challenge and updates wording in the challenge page.<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>A pull request description describes what constitutes the Pull Request and what changes you have made to the code.<br><br>It explains what you&#39;ve done, including any code changes, configuration changes, migrations included, new APIs introduced, changes made to old APIs, any new workers/crons introduced in the system, copy changes, and so on. You get the gist.<br><br>A good description informs everyone that is reaading it of the purpose of the pull request. This helps not just the current maintainers but anyone reading it now or in the future to understand your intent.<br><br>If the request is not complete but you want feedback use  Draft Pull Request option of the Pull request dropdown menu.<br><br>@mention individuals that you want to review the PR, and mention why. (“ @username I want to know what you think of this code.”)<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Methodology<br><br>&lt;!--<br><br>This section explains why the above changes explained were done.<br><br>Sometimes a developer feels that it&#39;s okay to write &quot;Business/Product requirement&quot; in the description. That&#39;s fine, but doing so defeats the purpose of this section.<br><br>If there is a better explanation as to why the changes were suggested, it&#39;s always good to attach a document reference link for that information.<br><br>A good &quot;Why&quot; section should explain the reasoning behind any changes.<br><br>--&gt;<br><br>## Code of Conduct<br><br>&gt; By submitting this pull request, you agree to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://virtualcoffee.io/code-of-conduct/)<br></td>
      <td>2024-07-01</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h2>Issues</h2></summary>
<table style='width:100%; table-layout:fixed;'>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style='width:5%;'>No.</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Project Name</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Title</th>
      <th style='width:35%;'>Description</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/1228'>Add October 2024 Challenge to the Website</a></td>
      <td>The October monthly challenge is &quot;Hacktoberfest&quot; and we need to change the monthly challenge page of the site.</td>
      <td>2024-09-29</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/VC-Community-Docs</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/VC-Community-Docs/issues/438'>docs: Update instructions to update monthly challenge pages on the website</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>As our website has migrated from Remix to NextJS, there are changes in the folders structure. We also now use `.tsx` instead of `.jsx` for our monthly challenges files. <br><br>## Suggestions<br><br>Update the instructions in the &quot;[Updating the Monthly Challenge Pages on the Website](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/VC-Contributors/blob/main/monthly-challenges/facilitators-docs.md#updating-the-monthly-challenge-pages-on-the-website)&quot; section in the `facilitators-docs.md` to reflect these changes.<br></td>
      <td>2024-09-29</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/intro</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/intro/issues/240'>Docs: Reorganize the "Tools to be Successful" chapter to make it flow</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>In the &quot;[Tools to be Successful](https://opensauced.pizza/learn/intro-to-oss/tools-to-be-successful)&quot; chapter, we have this structure of sections:<br><br>```markdown<br>- GitHub & Git<br>   - Introduction to Git<br>   - Introduction to GitHub<br>   - Getting Started with Git and GitHub<br>- VS Code<br>```<br><br>The &quot;Getting Started with Git and GitHub&quot; section starts with:<br><br>&gt; To get started with Git and GitHub, follow these steps:<br><br>There are instructions to setup Git, but no instruction to sign-up for GitHub.<br><br>This section has a subsection of &quot;Practicing Contributing with VS Code&quot; which content a tutorial to create and clone a repo, make changes, and push them to GitHub.<br><br>However, the section &quot;VS Code&quot; is right after this subsection. So, it doesn&#39;t make sense to practice on VS Code before explaining it.<br><br>## Suggested Solution<br><br>- Add an instruction to sign up for GitHub in the &quot;Getting Started with Git and GitHub&quot; section.<br>- Move the &quot;Practicing Contributing with VS Code&quot; subsection right after &quot;VS Code&quot; section and make it the same heading level as &quot;Getting Started with Git and GitHub&quot; and &quot;VS Code&quot;.<br><br></td>
      <td>2024-09-27</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>4.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/471'>Docs: Fix links in the README</a></td>
      <td>&gt; [!IMPORTANT]<br>&gt; If you&#39;ve worked on a good first issue in any of our [community repositories](https://docs.opensauced.pizza/contributing/opensauced-maintainers-guide/community-maintainers-guide/#opensauced-community-repositories) before, please refrain from taking this issue.<br>&gt; We may remove you from the assignees and not accept your pull request if you choose to proceed.<br><br>## Description<br><br>We have changed the link to our courses&#39; website. So, we need to update the links to the course in the README of the guestbook repo.<br><br>## Suggested Solution<br><br>Below, you will find the lines that need to be updated and how they need to be updated.<br><br>- [ ] https://github.com/open-sauced/guestbook/blob/f539a0c3d65610b4a82d3c3781ca0f85932ce6ef/README.md?plain=1#L12<br>   <br>   ```markdown<br>   [Intro to Open Source course](https://opensauced.pizza/learn/intro-to-oss/)<br>   ```<br><br>- [ ] https://github.com/open-sauced/guestbook/blob/10db621a076b07dd5c039d45f3adc0f8b410cfe0/README.md?plain=1#L16<br><br>   ```markdown<br>   &quot;[Let&#39;s Get Practical](https://opensauced.pizza/learn/intro-to-oss/how-to-contribute-to-open-source#lets-get-practical)&quot;<br>   ```<br><br>- [ ] https://github.com/open-sauced/guestbook/blob/10db621a076b07dd5c039d45f3adc0f8b410cfe0/README.md?plain=1#L20<br><br>   ```markdown<br>   &quot;[Merge Conflicts in the Guestbook Repository](https://opensauced.pizza/learn/intro-to-oss/how-to-contribute-to-open-source#merge-conflicts-in-the-guestbook-repository)&quot;<br>   ```<br><br>- [ ] https://github.com/open-sauced/guestbook/blob/10db621a076b07dd5c039d45f3adc0f8b410cfe0/README.md?plain=1#L32<br><br>   ```markdown<br>   [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/blob/main/contributing/CONTRIBUTING.md)<br>   ```<br></td>
      <td>2024-09-14</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>5.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/hacktoberfest</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/hacktoberfest/issues/28'>Chore: Update website for VCHI 2024</a></td>
      <td>We need to update the website to be ready for VCHI 2024 submission. <br><br>As per @BekahHW&#39;s info, we also need to remove the sponsor for this year.</td>
      <td>2024-09-14</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>6.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/1221'>Add September 2024 newsletter to the website</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>Every month, we try to get the newsletter up on the site within a week of emailing it. Currently, we&#39;re moving them over &quot;by hand.&quot;<br><br>## Steps to Update<br><br>In the code base, navigate to `app &gt; routes &gt; newsletter &gt; issues` and create a new file `2024-09.jsx`.<br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( `app &gt; routes &gt; newsletter &gt; issues`) as a template.<br><br>Make sure to add it to the index by following the steps in the [&quot;Newsletters&quot; section in our README](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io#newsletters) and update the content accordingly based on our email newsletter.<br></td>
      <td>2024-09-04</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>7.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/451'>Feature: Add @hediyetapan as a contributor</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the Intro to Open Source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repo.<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>Add @hediyetapan as a contributor.<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-04</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>8.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/1217'>Add August 2024 newsletter to the website</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>Every month, we try to get the newsletter up on the site within a week of emailing it. Currently, we&#39;re moving them over &quot;by hand.&quot;<br><br>## Steps to Update<br><br>In the code base, navigate to `app &gt; routes &gt; newsletter &gt; issues` and create a new file `2024-08.jsx`.<br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( `app &gt; routes &gt; newsletter &gt; issues`) as a template.<br><br>Make sure to add it to the index by following the steps in the [&quot;Newsletters&quot; section in our README](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io#newsletters) and update the content accordingly based on our email newsletter.<br></td>
      <td>2024-08-30</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>9.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/1215'>Add September 2024 Monthly Challenge</a></td>
      <td>The September monthly challenge is &quot;Preptember&quot; and we need to change the monthly challenge page of the site.</td>
      <td>2024-08-30</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>10.</td>
      <td>open-sauced/docs</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/378'>Feature: Import blog posts from DEV</a></td>
      <td>### Suggested solution<br><br>Import blog posts from DEV that are written by Ayu. </td>
      <td>2024-08-27</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>11.</td>
      <td>open-sauced/docs</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/377'>Feature: Add Ayu as author</a></td>
      <td>### Suggested solution<br><br>Add `AdiatiAyu` as OpenSauced author in `authors.yml`. </td>
      <td>2024-08-27</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>12.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/1202'>Add July 2024 newsletter to the website</a></td>
      <td>## Description<br><br>Every month, we try to get the newsletter up on the site within a week of emailing it. Currently, we&#39;re moving them over &quot;by hand.&quot;<br><br>## Steps to Update<br><br>In the code base, navigate to `app &gt; routes &gt; newsletter &gt; issues` and create a new file `2024-07.jsx`.<br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( `app &gt; routes &gt; newsletter &gt; issues`) as a template.<br><br>Make sure to add it to the index by following the steps in the [&quot;Newsletters&quot; section in our README](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io#newsletters) and update the content accordingly based on our email newsletter.<br></td>
      <td>2024-07-09</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h2>Reviewed PRs</h2></summary>
No contribution in this quarter.
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h2>Collaborations</h2></summary>
<table style='width:100%; table-layout:fixed;'>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style='width:5%;'>No.</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Project Name</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Title</th>
      <th style='width:35%;'>Description</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/412'>Feature: Add Blue-B as a contributor</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the Intro to Open Source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repo.<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>Add myself as a contributor.<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-26</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/411'>Feature: Add anirudhmehra2005 as a contributor</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As a part of learning opensource, we are encouraged for this.<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-15</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/401'>Feature: Add @Pokodess as a contributor</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the Intro to Open Source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repo.<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-09</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>4.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/399'>Feature: Add @aysh34 as a contributor</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the intro to open source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repo.<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-09</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>5.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/393'>Feature: Add @light0011 as a contributor.Feature:</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the Intro to Open Source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repo.<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>Add myself as a contributor.<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [x] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-26</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>6.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/387'>Feature: Add @Kratosgado as a contributor</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the Open Source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repository.<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>Added myself as a contributer<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-09</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>7.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/372'>Feature: Add @selimhocaoglu</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the Intro to Open Source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repo.<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-09</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>8.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/366'>Feature:Add @shaimaayosef as a contributor</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the Intro to Open Source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repo<br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>Add myself as a contributor<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-09</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>9.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/guestbook</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/guestbook/issues/352'>Feature: Add @lrmulkayhee as a contributor</a></td>
      <td>### Description<br><br>As part of the Intro to Open Source course, we are encouraged to contribute to this repo <br><br>### Suggested solution<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Code of Conduct<br><br>### Getting Started Instructions<br><br>- [X] I agree to follow this project&#39;s Getting Started instructions</td>
      <td>2024-09-09</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>10.</td>
      <td>OpenSource-Communities/intro</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/OpenSource-Communities/intro/issues/208'>feat: Add a guide for writing good commit messages and PR descriptions to the Intro to OSS course</a></td>
      <td>In a comment on [oss.fyi/ph](oss.fyi/ph), someone asked about a guide for new contributors. I think this will be a great addition to our course!</td>
      <td>2024-09-23</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>11.</td>
      <td>nickytonline/astro-partykit-starter</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/nickytonline/astro-partykit-starter/issues/40'>Feature: add Vitest to the project</a></td>
      <td>Add Vitest to the project, so that the starter kit has a testing framework in place.<br><br>Things to be done:<br>- Install [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)<br>- For the vitest.config.ts file, see the [Astro docs for configuring Vitest](https://dev.to/opensauced/migrating-from-jest-to-vitest-for-your-react-application-1b75)<br>- Create one dummy test<br>- Add a step to run vitest in lint-staged for code files. See https://github.com/nickytonline/astro-partykit-starter/blob/c8fcfeb7624dd43a7259e7a221992decfbedf209/package.json#L42-L45<br>- Here&#39;s an example config for running it in lint-staged. https://github.com/open-sauced/app/blob/f9ea05308ec63d110a30cb8ada3b195fd3798ffc/package.json#L161</td>
      <td>2024-09-16</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>12.</td>
      <td>open-sauced/docs</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/224'>feat: Update Highlights docs</a></td>
      <td>## Current<br><br>We have &quot;Fill content&quot; and &quot;Add and Summarize&quot; buttons in the &quot;Highlight suggestions&quot; section that are not covered here.<br><br>_Originally posted by @adiati98 in https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/213#discussion_r1405228070_<br><br>## Solution<br><br>- [x] add directions on adding a highlight from the highlight suggestion. <br>- [ ] Explain both the &quot;Fill content&quot; and &quot;Add and Summarize&quot; buttons<br>- [x] Remove the existing gif for the highlight<br>- [x] Create a new gif with one that shows the suggestions and name it &quot;highlight.gif&quot;. (The naming is important so we don&#39;t break anything that&#39;s been linked elsewhere.)<br>            </td>
      <td>2024-07-15</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>13.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/823'>Peekaboo with the navigation bar</a></td>
      <td>### Is there an existing issue for this?<br><br>- [X] I have searched the existing issues<br><br>### What happened?<br><br>Not sure if this is a bug or a feature, but the nav bar is visible but not interactive on scroll up all the way up on the landing page. Also it stay visible if there is focus within.<br><br>https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22895284/222702927-615485f3-7192-467b-9b68-7b0fecd9dee2.mov<br><br>I think the idea is to hide the bar when scrolled all the way up and reveal it later, right? But I scrolled too much and revealed the bar by mistake, I can&#39;t unsee it and I wanna press it 😭 <br><br>### Steps To Reproduce<br><br>1. Go to https://virtualcoffee.io/<br>2. Scroll up for no reason<br><br>### What browsers are you seeing the problem on?<br><br>Chrome<br><br>### Environment<br><br>```markdown<br>- OS: MacOS Ventura 13.0<br>```<br><br><br>### Anything else?<br><br>I love issues forms, I didn&#39;t know we have them omg<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I&#39;ve read the Code of Conduct and understand my responsibilities as a member of the Virtual Coffee community</td>
      <td>2024-09-30</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>14.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/814'>Add Neurodiverse in Tech resource page</a></td>
      <td>This issue depends on #813.<br><br>Once that issue is completed, we&#39;ll add a link for this page.<br><br>In [`developer-health`](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/tree/main/app/routes/__frontend/resources/developer-health), add a file called `neurodiverse-resources.mdx`. <br><br>Let&#39;s use this as a space to:<br><br>1. Define the term neurodiverse<br>2. Write about some of the challenges neurodiverse people in tech face<br>3. Create a section for resources that include links that have been collected in slack. </td>
      <td>2024-09-30</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</details>

