# Q1 2022

## 📊 Quarterly Statistics

* **Total Contributions:** 6
* **Total Repositories:** 3

### Contribution Breakdown

| Type | Count |
| :--- | :--- |
| Merged PRs | 0 |
| Issues | 6 |
| Reviewed PRs | 0 |
| Collaborations | 0 |

### Top 3 Repositories

1. [**Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io**](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io) (4 contributions)
2. [**EddieHubCommunity/support**](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support) (1 contributions)
3. [**Virtual-Coffee/podcast-transcripts**](https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/podcast-transcripts) (1 contributions)

---

<details>
  <summary><h2>Merged PRs</h2></summary>
No contribution in this quarter.
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h2>Issues</h2></summary>
<table style='width:100%; table-layout:fixed;'>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style='width:5%;'>No.</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Project Name</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Title</th>
      <th style='width:35%;'>Description</th>
      <th style='width:20%;'>Date</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1.</td>
      <td>EddieHubCommunity/support</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/3722'>Please invite me to the GitHub Community Organization</a></td>
      <td>### Name<br><br>Ayu Adiati<br><br>### Discord Username (if applicable)<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Additional Context<br><br>I know Eddie from Twitter and have been following him since then 😊<br>Going further in my learning journey, I develop a huge interest in open source.<br><br>I did some open source contributions during Hacktoberfest, but I&#39;m still afraid to contribute outside the event.<br>That&#39;s the reason why I want to join this community. To learn much more about open-source with the community and find more courage in contributing to more open source.</td>
      <td>2022-03-16</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/534'>Add March 2022 newsletter to site</a></td>
      <td>## Issue Context<br>Every month, we try to get the newsletter up on the site within a week of sending it out. Currently, we&#39;re moving them over &quot;by hand.&quot;<br><br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues) as a kind of template. The sections are all the same. The content needs to be updated, and sometimes that changes the way things look, for example, your list may have fewer items.<br><br>## Steps to update<br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues) as a kind of template. The sections are all the same. The content needs to be updated, and sometimes that changes the way things look, for example, your list may have fewer items.<br><br>In the code base, navigate to src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues and create a new file 2022-03.njk<br>Add the latest issue using the format from the past issues.<br>If you have questions, please let us know. We&#39;re up for pairing if anyone wants to walk through this!</td>
      <td>2022-03-09</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/522'>Update Virtual Coffee Slack Channel Guide</a></td>
      <td>### Is there an existing issue for this?<br><br>- [X] I have searched the existing issues<br><br>### Type of Change<br><br>Edit/Clarification on existing content<br><br>### URL of existing page<br><br>https://virtualcoffee.io/resources/virtual-coffee/slack-channel-guide/<br><br>### Context for content change<br><br>We want to update some channels&#39; descriptions to make their purposes clearer.<br><br>### Proposed solution<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Resources that can help<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Collaborators<br><br>_No response_<br><br>### Code of Conduct<br><br>- [X] I&#39;ve read the Code of Conduct and understand my responsibilities as a member of the Virtual Coffee community</td>
      <td>2022-02-10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>4.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/519'>Add February 2022 newsletter to site</a></td>
      <td>## Issue Context<br><br>Every month, we try to get the newsletter up on the site within a week of sending it out. Currently, we&#39;re moving them over &quot;by hand.&quot;<br><br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues) as a kind of template. The sections are all the same. The content needs to be updated, and sometimes that changes the way things look, for example, your list may have fewer items.<br><br>## Steps to update<br><br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues) as a kind of template. The sections are all the same. The content needs to be updated, and sometimes that changes the way things look, for example, your list may have fewer items.<br><br>In the code base, navigate to src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues and create a new file 2022-02.njk<br>Add the latest issue using the format from the past issues.<br>If you have questions, please let us know. We&#39;re up for pairing if anyone wants to walk through this!</td>
      <td>2022-02-01</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>5.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io/issues/503'>Add January 2022 newsletter to site</a></td>
      <td>## Issue Context<br><br>Every month, we try to get the newsletter up on the site within a week of sending it out. Currently, we&#39;re moving them over &quot;by hand.&quot;<br><br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues) as a kind of template. The sections are all the same. The content needs to be updated, and sometimes that changes the way things look, for example, your list may have fewer items.<br><br>## Steps to update<br><br>You can look at the existing newsletters ( src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues) as a kind of template. The sections are all the same. The content needs to be updated, and sometimes that changes the way things look, for example, your list may have fewer items.<br><br>In the code base, navigate to src &gt; newsletter &gt; issues and create a new file 2022-01.njk<br>Add the latest issue using the format from the past issues.<br>If you have questions, please let us know. We&#39;re up for pairing if anyone wants to walk through this!</td>
      <td>2022-01-05</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>6.</td>
      <td>Virtual-Coffee/podcast-transcripts</td>
      <td><a href='https://github.com/Virtual-Coffee/podcast-transcripts/issues/12'>Fix transcript season 1 episode 0 and 4 </a></td>
      <td>## Issue Context<br><br>We need to fix the transcripts to be consistent by following the guidelines.</td>
      <td>2022-01-04</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h2>Reviewed PRs</h2></summary>
No contribution in this quarter.
</details>

<details>
  <summary><h2>Collaborations</h2></summary>
No contribution in this quarter.
</details>

